Burn version with new setup/install and scenario files.

) I've noticed that the Tiberium "tiles" are skragging in the         
multiplayer mode.  Skragging= a "tile" of random colored pixels.
It happened everytime I would scroll to the bottom and there was    
still tiberium on the field, but also, just as I would scroll       
around.

) Vehicles still cross over each other when they are moving.

) I think you should be able to click a tile partially full of        
infantry if the selected unit is an infantry. (e.g. if you have 3   
infantry in a square, you should be able to select 2 infantry and   
be able to click in the square where the 3 are.)  If you select     
more than 2 infantry, the remainder should just move as close as    
possible...

) When multiple units are selected and sent to a location, 1 or 2     
never go on the first try.  I suggest that those who can't find     
there destination try to get as close as possible to it. 

) The game currently pauses anytime any player gets a new score.      
This turns into repeated "lockup scares" when the player is playing three other people. 
If we can't solve this problem, perhaps we should give each player  
a sound track and never load a new one.

) The game bogs down when multiple people are scrolling around.

) Right now, there is no message when a player has been wiped off the 
map.  Should this be an EVA thing or on screen text? I think both.

) There is also no "You have won!" message.  This should be EVA and   
text as well.

"RUNGAME.EXE" to be renamed to so that it is clear what the player should
type to run the game. Possibly rename to "utility.exe".

Install new multiplayer EVA speech. Disable enemy destroyed EVA speech
when in multiplayer mode.

Install new VQ movies.

Merge with Barry to incorporate map/score screen changes.

Install these samples:
REPAIR2.WAV        use when vehicle goes on repair ppad. 
RADAR2.WAV         use when radar kicks in.

Track down Watcom debug problem. Call Tech Rep

There is a bug with radar in that it doesn't update enough
for fast moving units.

Fix so that harvester returns to Tiberium field after unloading.

Add pause option to game (for network play)?

Prevent placement of buildings off the edge of the map. Especially
critical for the Weapons factory.

Purple tiberium color on radar map.

Fix bug with why bases aren't being built by the computer.

Increase delay for "end of game check" from 20 seconds to 30 seconds.

Teams arriving by Chinook are not following waypoints.  
They will go into Guard upon exiting the helicopter. Fix this.

Find a solution for:
Chinooks only fly to the Reinforcement cell.  
This presents the problem of not being able to bring in troops for the 
player, or not having GDI drop troops by helicopter.

Allow creation of Civilian Teams.

Check up on the problems with the "ambush" team order. What is it really
supposed to do?

Fix rocks passibility problems in the desert set.

Attack cycle should carry a weak machine gun weapon.

Enemy tanks should drive over infantry if they are very close rather than
merely attacking them with firepower.

Fix problem with harvester driving over the backside of the refinery -- it looks bad.

Install two or four small transition scores to reside on the hard drive.

Control the transition score from the INI file.

Allow control of the sidebar by way of a trigger event. This will allow certain
scenarios to force the sidebar to be disabled until an event occurs.

Factories should produce what they originally would produced when constructed, NOT
restricted to what the current owner can produce. This will allow capturing of
a factory so that, otherwise unavailable, units could be produced.

Show percentage full graphic for the harvester.

Stealth tank cloaking and decloaking problems.

Graphic icon glitches on the radar map.










